Hi, everyone.
My name is Craig Golightly, and welcome to my course, Spring Framework:
Documenting Spring Data REST APIs with Swagger and Springfox. I am a senior
software consultant. Documenting your API can sometimes feel like a losing
battle, keeping it up to date with changes, figuring out what format to
use, and where to host it.
The good news is that there is an easier way. In this course, you'll
explore how Swagger and Springfox can automatically generate
documentation for your Spring Data REST API and make it available on a
web page that is also a REST client.
Not only will you be able to read the documentation,
you can actually try out the endpoints.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include the Swagger framework,
adding Swagger to your project,
customizing your documentation, and documenting different
versions of your API. By the end of this course,
you will be able to quickly and easily generate documentation for your
Spring Data REST API using Swagger and Springfox. Before beginning the
course, you should be familiar with Spring Data and REST APIs. I hope you'll
join me on this journey to learn about documenting REST APIs with the Spring
Framework: Documenting Spring Data REST APIs with Swagger and Springfox course, at Pluralsight.